hey guys what's up in this video I'm
gonna explain the difference between a
landing page and a home page and how it
relates to your pay-per-click
advertising campaigns so that way you
understand which one you should use so
to demonstrate this example today I'm
looking at Salesforce and I'm going to
show you an example of a Salesforce
landing page and then we're gonna look
at Salesforce as home page so we can
distinguish the difference between the
two so the big difference between a
landing page and a home page is a
landing page is very specific the whole
page is designed around getting the
visitor to do one specific thing and
that one specific thing really just
depends on what it is that you want that
person to do whatever your objective is
for your campaign so in this case for
Salesforce this is their landing page
and they want us to sign up for a free
demo and if you can see here the page is
designed in a way where it's very
obvious that what they want us to do is
sign up for this free demo it's in blue
it's the largest element on the page so
everything about this page is getting us
to focus on signing up and doing this
one thing which is the free demo now
here's their home page Salesforce is
home page and the big thing was with the
home page is it's not as specific so
with the home page there's a lot of
different navigation everywhere they
have products solutions all these
different tabs there's a lot more things
competing for our attention and with
your home page you can set it up where
you obviously you want them to you know
reach out and and get exposed to your
brand and do a demo or a free trial in
the case of Salesforce but with the home
page there's a lot more options and
there's a lot more things competing for
your attention
so the likelihood of somebody following
through and doing that specific thing is
a lot less with your home page because
there's a lot more steps involved I have
to think more about how to reach out to
you versus with the landing page it's
very specific and I'm trying to get a
free demo and this is the only thing now
another thing to note too is about the
weight landing pages are designed is
with landing pages there's no navigation
so if you guys look up here there's no
about page product page nothing there's
only this page I can't get off this page
now the other
as well with the landing page is it's
all centered around that one action
again
so these benefits here they're telling
me 27 percent increase in sales revenue
32 percent increase in lead conversion
all this can come if I watch a demo and
see how Salesforce can help my business
soar and everything about this page is
just getting me to focus on filling out
this form and signing up for a demo and
this is really powerful nine times out
of ten when you're running pay-per-click
ad campaigns you're spending money on
ads you're spending money to get people
to your website nine times out of ten
you're gonna want them to do something
specific so if you're let's say driving
traffic and you want them to sign up for
a free demo doesn't it make sense to
just send them to one page where the
only thing it is they can do is sign up
for a free demo you know especially with
the internet and our attention span
people don't have the attention span to
look around and figure things out on
their own so the easier you can make it
for that person the better you can make
the user experience the more profitable
and the more likely it is somebody's
gonna actually do what it is you want
them to do now let's say you're sending
traffic to your home page and you want a
free demo yes there's an option to watch
a demo here and because that's cuz
salesforce does a great job setting up
their website like this but at the same
time - there's so many other things
competing for my attention and all these
different tabs and and it can get
confusing versus this landing page is
just dead-on super specific so really
guys the big difference landing page
very specific if you want somebody to do
something specific a specific response
use the landing page if you're just
trying to increase your brand awareness
and get people more familiar with the
different things you offer then you can
send them to your homepage but like I
said nine times out of ten if you're
running your pay-per-click ad campaigns
no matter what network you're setting
them from and you're looking for a
direct response you're gonna be using
landing pages so I hope that made some
sense if you guys enjoyed this video
please go ahead and like leave a comment
and subscribe I post weekly content
about pay-per-click advertising and I'll
see you next time take care
[Music]